README.md, before:

Topology by James Munkres, 2nd Edition
======================================

Solutions Manual
----------------

The main solutions manual is `solutions.tex`.

When doing exercises it can be useful to see a list of lemmas that have been written as part of the solutions.
Running the `lemmas.py` Python script will build `lemmas_content.tex` that contains these lemmas.
You can then build a lemma list document by compiling `lemmas.tex`, which includes `lemmas_content.tex`.

An up-to-date [PDF of this solutions manual](http://kyp4.dyndns-home.com/Topology.pdf) is built and published hourly as necessary.

If you are interested in contributing, send me a message.

Other Solutions Manuals
-----------------------

There are other solutions manuals floating around the Internet, and when studying mathematics it is always good to have different perspectives.

[A nice online solutions manual](https://dbfin.com/topology/munkres/)

[Another GitHub solutions manual project (includes both HTML and PDF)](https://github.com/9beach/munkres-topology-solutions)

Commit message:

-Completed exercise 20.8, which was quite long -Added note in README.md to file issues for any problems in proofs

README.md, after:

Topology by James Munkres, 2nd Edition
======================================

Solutions Manual
----------------

The main solutions manual is `solutions.tex`.

When doing exercises it can be useful to see a list of lemmas that have been written as part of the solutions.
Running the `lemmas.py` Python script will build `lemmas_content.tex` that contains these lemmas.
You can then build a lemma list document by compiling `lemmas.tex`, which includes `lemmas_content.tex`.

An up-to-date [PDF of this solutions manual](http://kyp4.dyndns-home.com/Topology.pdf) is built and published hourly as necessary.

If you are interested in contributing, send me a message.
Also, please submit an issue if you discover any errors in any of the proofs.

Other Solutions Manuals
-----------------------

There are other solutions manuals floating around the Internet, and when studying mathematics it is always good to have different perspectives.

[A nice online solutions manual](https://dbfin.com/topology/munkres/)

[Another GitHub solutions manual project (includes both HTML and PDF)](https://github.com/9beach/munkres-topology-solutions)
